[DOCS-1532] Document run metrics min and max thresholds (#1336)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/core/automations/automation-events.md

- A metric in a run's history.
- A [system metric]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/settings-page/system-metrics.md" >}}) such as `cpu`, which tracks the percentage of CPU utilization. W&B logs system metrics automatically every 15 seconds.

The notification can trigger a workflow when your criteria are met. Options include:

- **Run metrics threshold met**:
  - Trigger the automation when a logged metric's value meets a defined [threshold]({{< relref "#threshold" >}}), optionally averaged over a defined number of logged values. For example, trigger the automation when `accuracy` exceeds `.6`.

>   - Trigger the automation when a single logged value is the minimum or maximum value over a defined number of recently logged values.

Reviewer: (continuing our discussion from https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1336#discussion_r2103411313) 

taking a look at the restructured version - I don't understand why this is broken out into a separate step, the relationship between the two bullet points here is confusing - are they an OR or an AND? 

It's basically that we're going to take the min, max or average of the values in the window and compare that to the threshold. 

(same below)

#### Threshold
For **Run metrics threshold met** events, you configure:
1. The window of most recently logged values to consider (defaults to 5).
1. Whether to evaluate the **Average**, **Min**, or **Max** value within the window.
1. The comparison to make:
      - Above
      - Above or equal to
      - Below
      - Below or equal to
      - Not equal to
      - Equal to

> For example, trigger an automation when average `accuracy` exceeds `.6`.

Reviewer 2: For the last line, should "exceeds" be replaced with one of the values in the aforementioned list?

> For example, trigger an automation when average `accuracy` exceeds `.6`.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, trigger an automation when average `accuracy` is above `.6`.
```

#### Change threshold

> For **Run metrics change threshold met** events, the automation uses two "windows" of values to check whether to start:

Reviewer 2: Might be useful to elaborate what windows means for Run metrics threshold met (above) too.

Author: I don't think I can make it work quite as well. I don't think I need to say more about the window than I already am, up there. I think there is more detail here because there are two windows to consider. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Should be fine. Wasn't sure if folks new what "window" meant in this context but maybe I was overthinking it

- The _current window_ of recently logged values to consider (defaults to 10).
- The _prior window_ of recently logged values to consider (defaults to 50).

The current and prior windows are consecutive and do not overlap.

To create the automation, you configure:
1. The current window of logged values (defaults to 10).
1. The prior window of logged values (defaults to 50).
1. Whether to evaluate the values as relative or absolute (defaults to **Relative**).
1. The comparison to make:
      - Increases by at least
      - Decreases by at least

>       - Increases or decreases by at least

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to have an example here too (like what you have in the previous section).

>       - Increases or decreases by at least

Author: ```suggestion
      - Increases or decreases by at least
      
      For example, trigger an automation when `loss` decreases by at least `.25`.
```

{{% /alert %}}

#### Threshold
A **Run metrics threshold met** event can be triggered either when a metric's value meets a defined numeric value or when the value is the minimium or maximum value over a defined number of values.

To specify a numeric threshold, you configure:

> 1. The number of logged values to average across (defaults to 5).

Reviewer: This still says it will be averaged, which is wrong. 

There's basically a new step where the user will configure the aggregation we will use, which will be either min max or average.

1. How to compare the values with the threshold.
For example, trigger an automation when `accuracy` exceeds `.6`.

> To trigger the automation when a value is the minimum or maximum value, you configure:

Reviewer: I think it's confusing to treat min max as a separate way of configuring the trigger vs the rest

To create the automation, you configure:
1. The current window (defaults to 10).
1. The prior window (defaults to 50).
1. The change threshold, one of the following:
   - For a numeric threshold, you define:
      1. Whether to evaluate the values as relative or absolute (defaults to **Relative**).
      1. How to compare the values with the threshold:
          - Increases by at least
          - Decreases by at least
          - Increases or decreases by at least

>     - For a **Min** or **Max** threshold, you define whether to check for the **Min** or **Max** value.

Reviewer: it's not a min/max threshold, it's that you're choosing between average, min and max.
